Price: $300,000
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
House Size: 800 sqft
Description: Own a piece of Urban charm with this beautifully-renovated, eco-friendly 2-bedroom apartment in bustling Metro Heights. Expect guaranteed comfort with energy-efficient appliances and recycled-links hardwood floors throughout. This close to downtown home features natural light coupled with an intimate yet open interior space. The connected kitchen leads to your private balcony where you can enjoy an infinity view of the city while saving the earth.
Neighborhood Description: The vibrancy of Metro Heights is right on your doorstep. With handy bike-sharing programs, public transit options, rooftop bars and trendy coffee shops, there's something for everyone in Metro Heights.


Price: $450,000
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
House Size: 1500 sqft
Description: Suburban living has never been greener with this 3-bed, 2-bath residence at Meadow Ridge. Enjoy a solar-powered lifestyle and thermal ceilings overlooking the backyard vegetable patch. Naturally-lit rooms bring out the beauty of chic, eco-friendly details. Step right outside to your private furnished deck - the perfect family space.
Neighborhood Description: Meadow Ridge offers the best of both worlds with its easy paced, green lifestyle. Within steps of farmers markets, bake shops and public parks, the Carrs Creek walking trail is family favorite. Commuting is hassle-free with bus links and school buses making the rounds.


Price: $1,200,000
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 3
House Size: 2600 sqft
Description: Tucked amidst majestic pines of Summit Valley, this solar-powered home merges sustainable living with all the luxuries befitting a high-end ski lodge. Four well-spaced bedrooms, 3 outdoor showers, and spacious living spaces make eco-friendly rural living smoother. Breathtaking mountains can be viewed through the floor-to-ceiling windows, or by stepping out in the organically-grown backyard garden.
Neighborhood Description: Summit Valley permits awe-inspiring mountain ray views and snow-shoeing trails,giving it a very active outdoor community. Independent shops, bustling farmers markets, and regular taxi-service create an atmosphere where everyone feels at home.


Price: $2,500,000
Bedrooms: 6
Bathrooms: 4
House Size: 3,500 sqft
Description: Engaging the charming aesthetic of an upscale beach house, this 6-bedroom Eco-bungalow utilizes solar power and energy efficient inflow systems. The expansive open-concept setting, and shoreline views are set off emotionally from sustainably-sourced wood finishes. The stamped concrete patio with the herbs wheel makes outdoor living pleasant.
Neighborhood Description: Embrace the stress-free coastal lifestyle of Oceanside heights including coveted sand beaches and parks. An array of vegetarian restaurants and local biking commuter paths make it copacetic to both singles and families alike.


Price: $500,000
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
House Size: 1800 sqft
Description: Ideal energy-efficient urban loft located in Bricklane District. Entertain with style and reduce your carbon footprint in this green building. Amazing city skyline views and warm floorings from renewable resources. Located right in the 'hub', with access to great dining, shopping, and entertainment at your doorstep.
Neighborhood Description: Bricklane District pulses with a vibrant charm offering you endless cafes, bookstores and options for public transportation.


Price: $950,000
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 3
House Size: 2400 sqft
Description: This solar-powered jewel comfortably tucks into the heart of Harmony Oak suburban neighborhood - a symbiosis of eco-focused engineering and organic interiors. A bedroom-view of the forestry park, illumination of natural light and open-air deck boosting family time.
Neighborhood Description: With many playgrounds, world class schools, organic food shops and easy access to public transportation create an idyllic world at Harmony Oak.


Price: $800,000
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 3
House Size: 2000 sqft
Description: Mountains secure, green living encapsulated within warm interiors and panoramic view of Bluepeak Heights. Strong-insulated walls, solar panels and convenient backyard conserves maximum energy. Enjoy dew drop breakfasts over the extensive sights of lofty tenderness.
Neighborhood Description: Mountain living is synonymous with the Bluepeak Heights with secure-grated community, crosswalking trials, regular downtown-shuttle service linking smiles all across.


Price: $3,900,000
Bedrooms: 6
Bathrooms: 5
House Size: 4,000 sqft
Description: Nostalgic reclaimed wood provides a cozy sanctuary amidst stunning coastal views from this Pebble Brook mansion.Tactfully designed reclaimed woodlay casting shadow figures, energy efficient chimneys and Ceiled windows providing enchanting views and seaside whiffs.
Neighborhood Description: Here at Pebble Brook your mornings may start attending yoga classes at sea face park to idle walks along parasol-lined warm sand beach evenings. Numerous children playfields and vegan bets spill lively chatter all along.


Price: $780,000
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 3
House Size: 2200 sqft
Description: Grandview suburbs absorb eco-awesome instincts amidst millennial musings sensibly and simply. Graciously sized energy efficient rooms inlaid by re-capstone quarries catch bountyful solar chimers whilst rainwater harvesting system lead environment's cause quietly.
Neighborhood Description: Thoroughly communized with Uber zipping lanes, ritzy diners, local libraries, farmer stall-ways, carefree jazz of Grand View subtly invites you home each day.


Price: $1,800,000
Bedrooms: 5
Bathrooms: 4
House Size: 3400 sqft
Description: Elegance, sleek designing meshed ethos of Triple-R (reduce, reuse, recycle) seep out from Java Lodge mountain villa.Gigantic rooms heated via mini-volcanoes geyser, exteriors carved from recycled timber and aged fruit trug orchard rusts separatist charm onto Hillairy Bootes.
Neighborhood Description: Primrosed simplicity of Java lodge community ramifies its Snowvember charm. Photographer's bunker supermarket within arms-length perches casual dot-points saving time every time, Heart bunching onto Tudor vastness, unlike others you may have seen.


